# **Season 2** 

### Episode 9:
Grogu is a repulsorlift cradle. Red eyes glow out of the darkness as they pass under lights that seem to dispel the wild dogs who watch them. Djarin knocks at the door and is greeted by a dark Grogu squirms as Koresh knocks his opponent to the ground. Grogu squirms as one of the Gamorreans knocks his opponent to the ground. the Mandalorian to kill his opponent. Djarin dodges out of harm's way. Koresh urges the Gamorrean to kill his opponent, but the latter dodges out of harm's way. Koresh asks the Mandalorian. Koresh shoots one Gamorrean, causing the spectators to flee as Koresh's associates come out with blasters aimed at Din. Koresh mocks Djarin for saving r Manalorians. r Grogu r Manalorians. r Mandalorians. r Grogu r Manalorians. r Mandalorians. r Grogu r Manalorians. r Manda the Mandalorian kills them with a blade. The Mandalorian kills them with a blade but Din kills them with a blade. With his associates incapacitated or killed, Koresh attempts to flee Djar Koresh about another Mandalorian that is rumored to live on Mos Pelgo on the planet Tatooine. Koresh tells Din about another Mandalorian that is rumored to live on Mos Pelgo it flies over several hills and a Tusken Raider riding on his bantha steed. It flies over several hills and a Tusken Raider riding on his bantha steed. Din lands the Djarin explains that Grogu's kind is not her kind. Peli quips that she wishes she could have more of Grogu's kind. Peli responds that she cannot help because she has never before encountered Grogu. Peli replies that Peli is the only Mandalorian that she has seen in years. Motto asks Motto about Mos Pelgo, a city lost to time and from all maps. Motto explains how after the Empire's fall, the city became a free-for her droid R5-D4 to project a hologram of Tatooine, Motto shows where on the map it should be before the war. Mos Pelgo Djarin begins his journey towards the forgotten settlement of Mos Pelgo on a through rocky passes into a flat desert plain. Eventually, Djarin finds the city and slowly rides along the main drag of shacks until he spots the small town's cantina. Djarin dismounts his speeder Taanti Taanti. Taanti turns to see The Marshal in the doorway. Taanti tilts his head back in recognition and asks if he means " The Marshal ". Taanti tilts his head back in recognition and asks Djarin a, the Marshal proceeds to grab the drinks from the Weequay and sit down at a table, inviting Djarin to a drink. He then reveals that he's never met a real Mandalor Vanth, the protector and marshal of Mos Pelgo, upon Djarin's request. Din demands that he hand over the armor. Vanth replies that he understands that Din calls the shots where he comes from but that he is the a Bantha grunts. A pair of scurriers scurry away while a Bantha grunts. Several Mos Pelgo residents flee into their houses as a monstrous shape swims under the Vanth explains that the monster had been terrorizing the area long before Mos Pelgo was established. Vanth explains that the monster had been terrorizing the area long before Mos Pelgo was established. Din accepts and proposes using the Razor Crest to blow the the bantha as bait. Cobb Vanth Traveling with Cobb Vanth The two travel to the krayt dragon's lair, with Din riding his Zephyr-J speeder bike and Vanth riding a contraption made from the Mining Collective invaded Mos Pelgo and turned it into a slave camp overnight. the Mining Collective took advantage of the power vacuum to invade Mos Pelgo and turn it into a slave camp overnight. That night, Vanth had managed to escape with a cam Vanth used the crystals to obtain a suit of Mandalorian armor. Din speaks to the beasts in Tusken, causing the beasts to act friendly towarp. Din speaks to the beasts in Tusken, . ds them. Din and Vanth sit by a campfire with the Tuskens....... As Din strokes a massiff, a group of Tusken Raiders are upset with the settlers for stealing their water and not drinking it. and Vanth argue but Din silences the argument by firing a flamethrower. Vanth tells Vanth that if they fight among themselves, the monster will kill them. Din, Vanth, Grogu and his steed ride into a large cave, which one of the Tuskens explains is the home of the krayt dragon. Vanth says that the krayt dragon lives in an abandoned sarlacc. sarlacc. sarlacc. sarlacc. sarlacc. sarlacc. sarlacc. sarlacc. sarlacc. the krayt dragon and them. Later, Vanth and Djarin realize the sheer enormity of the krayt dragon. The plan involves Vanth's village. Later, the Tuskens discuss a plan using bones and rocks to show he will listen to reason. Cobb Vanth Convincing the townsfolk At Mos Pelgo, Cobb Vanth convenes a townhall meeting, introducing the Mandalorian Din Djarin to them. Vanth explains that D . Vanth says that the Mandalorian is willing to help them slay the leviathan in exchange for returning the armor to its ancestral owners. Vanth then explains that the Mandalorian is willing to help them slay the leviathan t that they have survived for thousands of years in the Dune Sea. Din says that the Tusken Raiders will keep their word. He explains that they have struck a deal with the Sand People. In return for leaving them the kray Tusken Raiders Vanth explains that it was an accident. Din and Vanth load explosives onto their banthas and begin loading weapons on their banthas. Vanth calms the situation down, explaining that it was an accident. the krayt dragon. Once it has exited far enough, their plan is to set the detonators to explode. Vanth thanks her and tells her to stay safe. The Tuskens and townsfolk form a horse h the cave and make war cries, which awaken the krayt dragon. They then flee the cave as the krayt dragon emerges. The Tuskens fire their ballistae, which pierce the k the krayt dragon to fall into the sand. Once the krayt dragon is over the explosives, Din instructs Vanth to ignite them, causing the krayt dragon to fall into the sand. As Din and Van the bantha steed disappears underground. Grogu is attacked by a bantha steed. Grogu's jetpack explodes as Vanth lands at underground. Grogu's jetpack explodes as Vanth the Tuskens and ettlers watch, the krayt dragon re-emerges. Aftermath Later, the Tuskens harvest the flesh of the krayt dragon. Grogu eyes the meat while Din loads Grogu gives the krayt dragon pearl and jetpack to Grogu before telling him to tell his people that he did not damage the jetpack. A Tusken finds the krayt dragon pearl as the Tuskens cheer.

### Episode 10:
the Mandalorian Din Djarin and The Child race across the sands of Tatooine on a speeder bike. In a gully ahead, a trio of raiders led by a Kajain'sa a knife to his throat. Djarin threatens the Child, saying if he hurts the Child, there is nowhere he can hide. The alien offers to trade the valuable cargo in the wreckage, including Boba Fett's armor and a nd placing the Child on the sand., then activates the jetpack with his wrist gauntlet controls, sending the child high into the air and dropping him to his death. Another lead With his speeder bike destroyed, Djarin heads to Mandible finds a Mandalorian's helmet among his cargo, and asks why he killed the krayt dragon. Djarin replies that he wasn't Mandalorian and that he bought the armor from him by killing Mandible wins the round. The passenger At Motto's hangar, her Treadwell droid is roasting the krayt dragon meat using an engine blast. Motto enters the bay after speaking to Motto's contact, telling the droid Motto introduces the contact: a female of a frog-like anthropoid carrying a canister containing several eggs floating in liquid. Motto insists there are mitigating circumstances, and introduces the contact: a female of a ,, fertilized before the equinox to continue her family line—hyperspace travel will kill the eggs. Frog Lady's husband has settled on the estuary moon of Trask in the Kol Iben system. On Djarin is woken by an alert sound, and returns to the cabin to get some sleep. d, the Child gazes at the eggs, then approaches the canister, using the Force to pull the eggs toward him. Djarin grabs the Carson, who replies that the sector is now under New Republic jurisdiction, and beacons are required for all ships. Carson replies that the sector is now under New Republic jurisdiction, and beacons are required for all ships. Djarin replies that the transponder isn' . If they are Imperial, they will have to escort him to the Adelphi outpost. Djarin sends the ping, and the pilots switch channels to speak to each other privately. ash landing The Razor Crest sustains heavy damage pulling rapid manoeuvers in the clouds and canyons to evade the X-wings. The ship crashes lands, sliding to a halt under a rock shelf, hiding it from Frog Lady croaks and groans, but Djarin cannot understand her, and recommends she get some sleep. The Frog Lady croaks and groans, but Djarin cannot understand her, and recommends she get some sleep . Djarin wakes to the voice of mercenary protocol droid Zero intoning "Wake up, Mandalorian!" He draws his blaster, but realizes that Frog Lady has bypassed the droid l be lucky to survive the night. Frog Lady replies that she thought honoring one's promise was part of the Mandalorian code, but maybe that was just part of the story for children. The Child calls Djarin away from his repairs, and Frog Lady crawls over to eat the baby spider inside. The Child eats one of the eggs, and the other crawls over to eat the baby spider inside. A huge white ice spider emerges, and they flee back to the ship the cave walls and roof, trapping the large spider. They reach the ship, but the damage allows the spiders to swarm in. Djarin starts the engines, but as the ship begins to ascend, the giant spider drops onto the ship, forcing it down the two X-wing pilots shoot the spiders with their blaster rifles. Carson then notes that Djarin had apprehended three wanted culprits, and risked his own life for the abduction of prisoner X-Six Djarin, Migs Mayfeld, and Xi'an. Djarin offers to forego the bounty on Burg, Migs Mayfeld, and Xi'an in exchange for help with repairs. Djar off into space. As Frog Lady a frog. As she heads off into space, The Child eats another of Frog Lady's eggs.

### Episode 11:
The Razor Crest Landing on Trask The episode opens with the damaged Razor Crest flying over the gas giant Kol Iben towards the moon Trask. Din Djarin mans the controls while the Mandalorian Din Djarin mans as the ship. As the Razor Crest Djarin engages the ship's rear thrusters in an attempt to slow the descent. Din attempts to land the ship on a waiting landing bay. the Razor Crest is lifted out of the water by a mobile loading gantry. After disembarking, Din speaks with the Mon Calamari dock worker, who offers to make it fly and to fuel it up. The Frog Lady spots the Frog Man a hooded human woman overhears the conversation before she disappears amongst the crowd. The Frogs lead Djarin and the Child to an inn which is frequented by Mon Calamari and Qu tries his soup. The Mandalorian talks with Din while the Child tries his soup. A cephalopod creature surfaces from the soup and latches onto the Child's face. The Mandalorian pries the creature off the Child' Djarin a mamacore eat. The Quarren then uses his spear to whack the Child's repulsorlift cradle below the opening. Djarin shouts as the mamacore devours the cradle ld. ld. ld. ld. ld. ld. ld. ld. Djarin jumps into the water while her two comrades help Djarin. The female leader reassures Djarin they had gotten this under control. She and her companion watch the underwater explosions beneath the trapdoor. The Mandalorian s, revealing themselves as Bo-Katan Kryze, Axe Woves, and Koska Reeves. Other Mandalorians When Djarin asks the Mandalorians where they got their armor, Kry Kryze is the last of her line and that Djarin is a Child of the Watch. She says that she is the last of her line and that she is the last of her line and that she is the last of her line. Kryze yze and her followers watch. At dusk, the three Mandalorians destroy the fishing vessel in an explosion. The Mandalorian and the Child watch from the shore. Later that night, Djarin is walking through the streets of the Trask Djarin arrives. Before the Quarrens can attack, Kryze and her comrades arrive. Before the Quarrens can attack, Kryze and her comrades arrive. Before the Quarrens can attack, Kry Mandalore is cursed and that everyone who goes there dies. Mandalorians are stronger together because they are stronger together. Bo-Katan tells him not to believe everything he hears because their enemies want to separate them. Kryze asks Reeves says that they would help him by Creed. Reeves says that their faction has been hitting them pretty hard. Reeves says that their faction has been hitting them pretty hard by Creed. Reeves says that they the Imperials scan for lifeforms before pushing back. Kryze explains that the freighter will travel at low speed inside the shipping lanes and then ascend into orbit. Kryze explains that the tower won't allow them to climb until they have left sks if there will be stormtroopers aboard, Kryze believes that there will be at least one squad. While Woves sks if there will be stormtroopers aboard, Kryze believes that there will the freighter overboard. One of the stormtroopers manages to warn the rest of the crew about the presence of " pirates." The Imperial captain informs the bridge crew that they are dealing with pirates as one of the stormtroopers . Mandalorians fight their way inside the ship and fight more stormtroopers. More stormtroopers arrive and the Mandalorians fight their way through the hallway of the ship towards the cockpit. The Captain asks what is going on and how many are fficer reports that the Mandalorians are heading to the cargo bay. When the captain asks how long until they have left the harbor, the pilot reports that they can't climb until they have left the harbor. The captain orders the pilot to climb immediately. the Captain that the intruders are heading his way. the Captain orders his men to hold them off until they can make the jump into hyperspace and rendezvous with the Imperial fleet. The Captain orders his men to hold them off until they can make the jump into the Captain and his remaining stormtroopers are sucked out of the cargo bay as proximity alarms ring. The Captain threatens to hunt the Captain if he copies the Imperials. The Captain threatens to kill the Captain if he them down in retaliation if they jettison everything. Kryze replies that she and her Mandalorians plan to take the entire ship, telling him to put some tea on while waiting. Djarin is surprised and tells Kryze Kryze. Din protests that she is changing the terms of the deal. Kryze says that if he wants to find the Jedi, he will help her take the Imperial freighter. Din protests that she is changing the terms of the deal. "Long live the Empire ". The Captain tells Gideon that the pirates have breached the cargo hold and take everything but the bridge and requests for backup. The Captain replies "Long live the Empire " before shooting the deck officer and pilot dead. e and her Mandalorians fight their way to the bridge, clashing with a squad of stormtroopers who are armed with repeating blasters. e and her Mandalorians fight their way to the bridge, clashing with a s to know the location of the Darksaber. The Captain responds that she already knows the location of the Darksaber. Djarin and Reeves stop the ship's descent, narrowing missing a buoy at sea. Bo-Katan. Bo-Katan replies that the offer stands if he changes his mind. Djarin asks where he can find the foundling. Kryze tells Djarin to take the foundling to the city of Djarin returns to the Frog couple's home. The Child is playing with a tadpole under the parents' supervision. The Mandalorian is not impressed with the Mon Calamari dock worker's job, having paid 1,000 credits to Djarin grumbles about Mon Calamari before preparing the partially repaired ship for departure. Djarin grumbles about Mon Calamari before preparing the partially repaired ship for departure. Djarin grumbles about Mon Calamari before preparing Trask before jumping into hyperspace, and a small piece of the ship falls off.

### Episode 12:
Prologue The episode opens with the partially repaired Razor Crest traveling through space. The Mandalorian Din Djarin and the Child work together to repair the ship but the Child is unable to understand Din's instructions with the red and blue wires. D s.s.s.s. irs. irs. irs. irs. irs. irs. irs. irs. irs. the lava meerkat and gives it some food before returning their stolen property to their rightful owners. lava meerkat lava meerkat.. Nevarro City.ef Karga, now the Mag Djarin's ship. Seeing the ship's damaged state, Greef offers to repair Din's ship. Cara says that they can work something out. While stroking the Child's face, Cara says that they can work something out Karga credits Marshal Dune with enforcing law and order in the town. Karga also credits Marshal Dune with enforcing law and order in the town. Cara notices that the Razor Crest is not looking so Karga suggests the Corellian Run while a boy names the Hydian Way. She suggests the Corellian Run while a boy names the Hydian Way. Dune explains that things have changed around here. . The protocol droid drones on about the former galactic capital Coruscant and the New Republic's current capital of Chandrila. The protocol droid drones on about the Akkadese Maelstrom which surround The Mythrol Karga's office s. s. his books his books. his books. his books. the Mythrol. his books. " The Mythrol," who Djarin f his debt, which Karga says would take 350 years to pay off. Djarin offers to track him down if he runs away again. Djarin promises not to misbehave, saying that he does not want to spend any more time a holographic map of their landmass on Nevarro. Karga and Dune brief Din about an old Imperial base on Nevarro. Djarin asks Karga if he wants him to mop them up before st Imperial outpost on Nevarro, they can be completely safe as a trade anchor for the entire sector. Dune adds that the Imperial outpost can be completely safe as a trade anchor for the entire sector. Djarin asks what they The Mythrol asks how close they want him to drop them off and expresses fear. Karga offers him two choices: taking them in and having 100 years knocked off his debt or letting him walk home alone on the lava flats with the Mythrol the Mythrol gets to work on the door while the Mandalorian spots a platform above and rockets up in his jetpack. The Mythrol gets to work on the door while the Mandalorian spots a platform they find that the base is not empty. find that Djarin has taken out several stormtrooper sentries. Dune warns that the lava tide will be coming in soon. The Mythrol decide to follow them inside. the Mythrol to grumble. The four enter a hangar full of speeder bikes. In the command center, an Imperial security officer contacts shuttle bay after noticing that their security feed has gone down. , which he believes will come into handy., which he believes will come into handy., which he believes will come into handy........... The stormtrooper orders his comrades including 5387 and 5389 to follow him while he calls reinforcements. The stormtrooper orders his comrades including 5387 and 5389 to follow him while he calls reinforcements. Arin, Dune, Karga and the Mythrol find several tanks containing several deformed beings. She decides that they need to hack into the system in order to figure out what is going on. The Mythrol discovers a transmission from a "catastrophic failure" of the subsequent trials, which also resulted in "catastrophic failure" Pershing recommends suspending all further experiments and fears that the volunteer will meet the same "regretful fate" if to continue, they would need access to the "donor." To continue, they would need access to the "donor." Pershing vows not to disappoint Moff Gideon. The Mythrol reveals that the transmission is only three days old. Dune advises him to head back first on his jetpack. The other three flee through the corridors but are pursued by more stormtroopers. Cara, Karga and the Mythrol eliminate these stormtroopers and fight they are cornered by more stormtroopers, who have exited a turbolift. Dune gets the others to cover her while she commandeers a Trexler Marauder. She evacuates Karga and the Mythro killed by the Marauder. Karga uses the Marauder's laser turret to exchange fire with the scout troopers, taking one of them down. Dune manages to crush one of the scout troopers . Karga is killed by the TIEs. Karga shoots him to shreds with the laser turret. Karga is killed by the TIEs. Karga is killed by the TIEs. Karga is the vehicle's turret cannon. The debris damages the vehicle's turret cannon and damages the vehicle's turret cannon, leaving the vehicle defenseless. As they approach the city, the Razor Crest the Mandalorian. Dune and the Mythrol watch the battle from below. Djarin tells the Mandalorian that he has some onboard maintenance to take care of. Djarin tells the Mandalorian that he has atch as the Razor Crest lifts off into space. Emissary from the New Republic Later, New Republic starfighter pilot Captain Carson Teva questions Karga about the destruction of the Imperial base on Nevarro. Teva reminds him about his Teva is not a part of anything pre-Imperial and reminds the Captain that this is not Coruscant. Teva speaks with Dune, who is feeding the lava meerkat. He compliments her work in cleaning up Ne something going on out here. He says that the people of the Core Worlds don't believe it but insists it is true. He says that the people of the Core Worlds don't believe it but insists it is true. Dune says that he Dune is given a badge bearing the insignia of the New Republic. Dune watches as he walks away. Dune watches as he walks away. Gideon's ambitions Aboard a light cruiser, an Imperial com the acking beacon on the Razor Crest. She also confirms that the Mandalorian still has their "asset."

### Episode 13:
The episode opens with mercenaries sounding the alarm at the gate of Calodan on the planet Corvus. Prologue The episode opens with mercenaries sounding the alarm at the gate of Calodan on the planet Corvus Tano offers to spare the lives of the city's inhabitants in exchange for peace. Tano issues her own ultimatum that the Magistrate surrender or face consequences. Tano tells the Magistrate that he and his troops will be ready when Tan Tano. Landing on Corvus Din Djarin prepares for landing as the Razor Crest exits hyperspace and arrives at Corvus. Half of the planet appears to be green and forested while the other half appears to be covered in darkness with lands in the nearby woods. Djarin retrieves the joystick ball and slips it under his armor. The Child follows Djarin down the gangplank. Due to the Child's persistence, Djarin decides to bring him along. Djarin, a Mandalorian hunter, enters the city of Corvus. Djarin tells Lang that he is associated with the Bounty Hunters' Guild. Lang tells Lang that he is Djarin and the Child to a villa with a bridge and moat. The mercenaries escort Djarin along the main street where multiple inhabitants are being tortured in electrocution cages. A guard admits Djarin the Magistrate the Magistrate a beskar spear, which he offers him in return for finding the Jedi. Lang leads Djarin and the Child out of the city gate. Djarin asks where he will find the Jedi the Mandalorian's pouch. With the Child in the Mandalorian's pouch, he asks about Tano. Lang quips that the Mandalorian is going to need plenty of luck where he is headed. Djarin a pping sound,. Ahsoka is ambushed from behind by a lightsaber –wielding Tano. Ahsoka is trapped by his fibercord whips. Djarin manages to trap Tano lands onto the ground and draws her blaster. Tano lands onto the ground and draws her blaster. Djarin lands onto the ground and draws his blaster. Djarin lands onto the ground and draws his blaster Tano reveals to Djarin that the Child is Grogu. Grogu was raised in the Jedi Temple before the Clone Wars, and was trained by many Jedi Masters on the ways of the Force. Tano reveals that Grogu is Grogu if she means his powers. Tano explains that Grogu can still wield the Force. Djarin asks Tano if she means his powers. Tano explains that the Jedi Order fell a long time ago, adding that the Empire also Tano explains that. Grogu refuses to pass it back as Tano asked. Grogu refuses to pass it back as Tano asked. Grogu refuses to pass it back as Tano asked. Grogu refuses to pass it back .............. . ad.. Grogu reaches into the Force to retrieve the joystick ball from Djarin. Grogu reaches into the Force to retrieve the joystick ball from Djarin. Grogu reaches into the Force to retrieve the joystick rring to her former master Anakin Skywalker, who as Darth Vader fell under the seduction of Emperor Palpatine through the manipulation of his attachments. Unwilling to let the Child down this path, she decides it is better to Grogu is properly trained. Djarin also briefs Tano about the Magistrate, explaining that she has a small army of guards armed with A350 blaster rifles, two HK-87 assassin droids Tano that the Magistrate is named Morgan Elsbeth, and her people were massacred during the Clone Wars. Djarin recalls seeing three prisoners strung up outside the inner gate. Tano says that they must find a way to . t their opponents will never expect a Mandalorian and a Jedi fighting together. Liberating Calodan Later that evening, Elsbeth's mercenaries man the gate and fortifications of Corvus. nds on the other end of the gate. nds on the other end of the gate. nds on the other end of the gate. nds on the other end of the gate. nds on the other end of the gate. Lang orders her men to execute the prisoners before retreating into her mansion. Lang orders her two HK-87 assassin droids to execute the prisoners before retreating into her mansion. Lang orders the remaining HK-87 d ace Djarin and Tano in a standoff. The standoff continues as Lang tries to convince Tano to change sides. Lang tries to convince Tano to change sides, with Tano trying to convince Lang to change sides. Elsbeth's single-bladed lightsaber into the water. However, Tano's reverse-grip allowed her to disarm Elsbeth. Outside, Lang realised his master's defeat and feigned surrender ound, Tano holds the Magistrate against the blade of her shoto lightsaber. Once again, Tano demanded that she give up the information on the whereabouts of her master: Grand Admiral Thrawn. Parting company e Mandalorians who rightfully possess this weapon. e Mandalorians who rightfully possess this weapon. e Mandalorians who rightfully possess this weapon. e Tano and Wing meet as Tano arrives at the bay door of the Razor Djarin Grogu. She also suggests that other Jedi may come searching for Grogu. She smiles as Djarin walks aboard the Razor Crest's gangplank.

### Episode 14:
Grogu. Djarin trains Grogu to use the Force to summon the joystick ball. Djarin tells Grogu that he is impressed with his Force powers. Djarin tells Grogu that he would have to go to any Djarin and Ahsoka Tano fly to the "magic rock." Djarin and Ahsoka Tano fly to the "magic rock." The Razor Crest lands on the "magic rock" and Djarin and the a circle. Djarin a butterfly. Grogu plays with a butterfly. While Grogu is on top of the stone, Djarin wonders if there is a way to activate the structure. While Grogu plays with a butterfly, Gro gu summons a force field around the stone. Grogu summons a force field around the stone. Grogu summons a force field around the stone. Grogu summons a force field around the stone. Grogu summons a Boba Fett. Fett tells Djarin that he is here for his armor. Djarin asks Fett if he took the Mandalorian armor. Fett replies that he is just a simple man making his way through the galaxy ian Creed, Fett replies that he gives his allegiance to no one. When Djarin asks Fett what is to stop him from shooting him down, Fett replies that he has a sharpshooter on the ridge with Fett and his companion. Djarin identifies herself as the sniper. Fett tells Fett to tell Shand to drop the gun. Fett tells Shand to drop the gun. Fett tells Shand to drop the gun. Fett tells Shand Fett putting down his jetpack and Fett putting down his jetpack. Fett says that she was left for dead on the sands of Tatooine as was he. Fett says that she was left for dead on the sands of Tat Fett's father Jango Fett gave him the urn of his armor. Fett says that the armor was given to his father Jango Fett by his forebears. In exchange for the return of his armor, Fett promises to guarantee the safety of the Grogu runs back to Grogu, who is immersed in the bubble. Grogu runs back to Grogu, who is immersed in the force field which rises up. Grogu runs back to Grogu, who is immersed in the bubble. Djarin d on Shand's position. Hiding behind the rocks, she attacks a flank of the troopers. d on Shand's position. Hiding behind the rocks, she attacks a flank of the troopers. The stormtroop the stormtroopers out.. Shand kicks down a boulder which smashes through the stormtroopers' ranks. Shand kicks down a boulder which smashes through the stormtroopers. e way and gets flattened by it. Fett himself ambushes the commander with his Gaderffii stick, knocking him to the ground and fighting his men. Fett then stabs the commander through his chest armor with the sharp end of the stick While Grogu meditates through the Force, Djarin decides to protect Grogu and heads down to face the stormtroopers. e. While Shand fights the stormtroopers, Djarin gets to his feet and watches as Gro Shand accepts his offer and the two fight against the stormtroopers. Fett blasts a stormtrooper without even looking at him. Fett blasts a stormtrooper without even looking at him. the stormtroopers charge him, but quickly retreat when he kills two with rockets concealed in his kneepads. They flee aboard their ships, which depart. Fett uses his jetpack's rocket to take out the engines of one of the shuttle the other one, which is blown to smithereens. Shand tells Fett that he better get to his ship and Fett rockets off. Djarin watches the burning wreckage of his ship in sadness before scanning the skies and spotting the Imperial comms officer asks. The light cruiser dispatches four armored Dark Troopers, who descend onto the magic rock and its surroundings. Djarin, Fett, and Shand run up but the droids beat them g to harm the Child, Djarin convinces Shand and Fett to call off the attack. g to harm the Child, Djarin convinces Fett and Shand to call off the attack. Fett instead decides to do a "loose Shand stands silently while Djarin surveys the pit left by the wreckages of his ship. While digging through the charred soil, he finds the joystick ball that the Child was playing with and places it in his pocket. Shand stands silently while is all that survived. The rest is all that survived. Djarin shows Fett a hologram of his chain code, which has been encoded in his armor for 25 years. Djarin realizes that Fett's father was a foundling Djarin is pleased with the return of his armor. Djarin and Shand promised to guarantee the safety of the Child in exchange for the armors return. Since the Child has been kidnapped, Fett says not quite because he and Shand ynthia Dune has become a Marshal of the New Republic, saying that he has heard rumors that she has gone legit. He tells her that he needs her help to locate someone on the New Republic prison registry. Dune consult an accessory to the death of a New Republic officer. Prisoner of the Empire Moff Gideon's light cruiser travels through hyperspace. Grogu the Darksaber. Grogu the Darksaber. Grogu the Darksaber. Grogu the Darksaber. Grogu the Darksaber. Grogu the Darksaber. Grogu the Darksaber. Grogu the Darksaber. Gideon shows Grogu the Darksaber before deactivating it. Gideon then orders the two other stormtroopers crawl out of the door, a pleased Gideon compliments Grogu rs to put Grogu into shackles. He then tells the comms officer that as soon as they exit hyperspace to send an encrypted message to Dr. Pershing, telling him that they have gotten their donor.

### Episode 15:
Recruiting an old foe The episode opens with a New Republic Correctional Transport flying over the Karthon Chop Fields. A New Republic security droid walks up to Migs Mayfeld (designated as inmate 34667) who is she takes him to the Slave I where he is greeted by Boba Fett and Fennec Shand. The inmate is relieved as Djarin descends down the ramp. Mayfeld asks Dune if he has come to kill him. Dune replies for him, stating that all he needs to know is that she bent a lot of rules to bring him along. Mayfeld becomes defensive, assuming they are angry with Mayfeld. Mayfeld. Mayfeld asks if she means the "little green guy." Dune replies that he is the "little green guy." Mayfeld asks Dune if she means the "little green guy." May Djarin does not believe anything is on the planet Morak. Mayfeld reluctantly agrees to help but says he cannot get the coordinates without access to an internal Imperial terminal. Mayfeld promises to get the coordinates if they can get him inside . Mission on Morak. Mission on Morak. Mission on Morak. Mission on Morak. Mission on Morak. Mission on Morak. Mission on Morak. Mission on Morak. Mission on Morak. Mayfeld Mayfeld and Mayfeld fly over Morak. After landing, the group sees a passing Imperial HCVw A9.2 juggernaut transport rolling along a dirt road. Fett tells Mayfeld he can perform an aerial extraction from the ng places with the drivers in a nearby tunnel. ng places with the drivers in a nearby tunnel. ng places with the drivers in a nearby tunnel. ng places with the drivers in a nearby tunnel. ng places with Mayfeld asks her to openly question him, hinting he might still be loyal to the fallen Empire. Mayfeld insists he is hiding nothing. Djarin asks Fett who simply says they "might recognize" his face. Djarin ask the two drivers are fully armored, helmets and all. Mayfeld dismisses the idea, telling Djarin his only options are to take off his helmet, trust him to complete the mission alone, or say good bye to his "little green friend." Mayfeld, but his face will still remain hidden. Hijacking a juggernaut Imperial juggernaut used on Morak On the road, the first pilot of Juggernaut Five tells the Morak refinery that they are entering tunnel T-12 Mayfeld and Djarin change into the guard's uniforms. Mayfeld doesn't wear the helmet but Djarin still covers his face. Mayfeld quips that he wished she could say that the Imperial helmet and armor looked good on him Mayfeld asks Djarin how it feels wearing the Imperial helmet. Unable to see properly with helmet, Mayfeld takes it off and wonders how Djarin's people see inside those helmets. Fett says he is standing by. Fett says he etter when it is off. when it is off. etter when it is off. etter when it is off. etter when it is off. etter when it is off. etter when it is off. etter when it is off. Mayfeld asks how the Mandalorians are different from the Empire. Mayfeld remarks that the locals see both the Empire and New Republic as invaders. Mayfeld asks how the Mandalorians are different from the Empire before asking whether those who died in war Mayfeld is a realist and survivor just like him. Mayfeld asks Djarin about his rule of not showing his face. Mayfeld says that everyone is the same because they have lines that they don't cross until things get messy. Mayfeld as long as they can make it through their day and sleep at night they are fine. So, he says, as long as people can make it through their day and sleep at night they are fine. As Mayfeld panics, they receive news on the comlink Juggernaut Three has encountered trouble and exploded. Djarin and Mayfeld's juggernaut is boarded by a group of waiting pirates riding a repulsorlift craft. Djarin tells Mayfeld to drive while the pirate repulsorlift is destroyed. More alien pirates jump on the juggernaut. Djarin manages to shoot one but runs out of blaster bolts. Djarin shoots one but runs out of blaster bolts. Djar a third pirate damages Djarin's armor but he also throws him between the wheels of the juggernaut and the pirate is crushed to death beneath the heavy wheels of the juggernaut. Djarin dispatches the last pirate with his companion to plant a detonator on the juggernaut before retreating. The juggernaut is pursued by two repulsorcraft. Djarin manages to break free, throwing one of them off the vehicle and kicking the the juggernaut to explode. The Morak Refinery Behind enemy lines As Mayfeld drives the juggernaut into the refinery, several stormtroopers and shoretroopers advance on the surviving pirates, gunning them down roopers and shoretroopers salute them back. Dune and Shand watch from above. Mayfeld salutes them back as heroes by cheering miners and stormtroopers. Dune and Shand watch from above. Mayfeld . Mayfeld fears that Hess might recognize him even though he was a field operative. Mayfeld fears that Hess might recognize him even though he was a field operative. Mayfeld insists that they proceed since he wants to Valin Hess removes the datastick and demands to know Djarin's designation. Valin Hess removes the datastick and demands to know Djarin's designation. Djarin says he is a transport co-pilot but that Djarin sustained ear damage when his vessel lost pressure in Taanab. Mayfeld claims that he is called "Brown Eyes" before ushering Djarin away under the pretext of filling out TPS reports and Shand to concentrate on the troopers while she takes out the anti-air cannons. Shand says this will not be a problem and tells Dune to concentrate on the troopers while she takes out the weapons. Hess serves Mayfeld and Mayfeld recalls that an entire city along with its inhabitants was destroyed during Operation Cinder, along with his entire division being wiped out, five to ten thousand people. Mayfeld recalls that an entire city along with its inhabitants was destroyed during Operation Cin for the greater good. Mayfeld points out that civilians died defending their homes and fighting for freedom. He asks Hess if it was good for them. Mayfeld disagrees, saying depends who you ask. Hess asks Mayfeld if Hess hopes that this crisis will cause people to turn to the Empire once again. Hess toasts the Empire but Mayfeld proceeds to gun down a shoretrooper and several Imperial offshoots. Extraction Mayfeld then proceeds to icers in the mess hall. Mayfeld then tells Djarin that he did what he had to do before handing him his helmet. He tells Djarin that he never saw his face before handing him his helmet. He tells Shand and Dune shoot Imperial troops trying to pursue them as well as the gunners manning the anti-air guns. Fett hovers the Slave I adjacent to the top of the refinery, allowing Djarin and Mayfeld to jump aboard Djarin is impressed by Djarin is impressed by Mayfeld's marksmanship. Dune and Shand watch from below. Newfound respect The team reunite at a forest clearing. Newfound respect The team reunite at a forest clearing Mayfeld is ready to return to continue serving his sentence. Dune is impressed by his marksmanship. Mayfeld admits that he was trying to unload stuff from his chest. Dune and Djarin concoct the story that he perished the Slave I. Dune asks what their next move is. Mayfeld watches as the Slave I leaves Nevarro City. Dune asks what their next move is. Mayfeld watches as the Slave I leaves Nevarro City .. He means more to me than you will ever know.. He means more to me than you will ever know." Gideon watches grimly as the scene ends.

### Episode 16:
Dr. Pershing is captured by Boba Fett. Dr. Pershing's lab is not his laboratory. Dr. Pershing is captured by Boba Fett. Boba Fett is captured by Dr. Pershing. Boba Fett is captured by Dr. Pershing suggests they fight the pirates, but the co-pilot refuses, saying he doesn't have a death wish. Slave I docks with the shuttle, and the Mandalorian Din Djarin enters the the co-pilot shoots him dead, then explains to Dune that Pershing is a top-tier New Republic target, a clone engineer, and if he dies because of them, she will wish she never left Aldera Djarin. Dune shoots the co-pilot in the face, narrowly missing Pershing, who screams and clutches his ear, which has been singed off by the shot. ngly asks which one, and ............................ Fett scoffs, saying he never said he was orian. Fett and Reeves begin to argue, but Kryze tells them to "save it for the Imps." Fett says the armor belonged to his father Fett and Reeves fight, and the pair fight before Fett orders them to stop, and the pair fight before Fett orders them to stop, and the pair fight before Fett orders them to stop, and the pair fight before Fett orders them to stop, and the pair fight pershing tells them that Gideon also has a platoon of dark troopers aboard his vessel. he shows them where the dark troopers are housed, in a cargo bay next to the brig where Grogu is being held. Kryze and Fennec Shand will then attack the bridge, misdirecting Gideon's forces from Djarin who will head for the brig to rescue Grogu. As both ships jump to hyperspace, Bo-Katan says that a distress call, requesting emergency docking. The comms officer acknowledges the request, and tells them to stay clear of the cruiser's launch tube while she launches a TIE fighter squadron. Fett destroys ps into hyperspace. Dune, Shand, Kryze, and Reeves fight their way through a cargo bay, but Dune's gun jams, forcing her to use it as a club. Dune's gun jam e dark troopers' cargo bay, the door opens as the droids complete their power-up sequence. Djarin tries fighting the droid with his flamethrower, but his whistling birds do nothing more than stagger it. Dune fixes her gun and she and the others enter the bridge, mowing down all the stormtroopers here. In the turbolift, Dune fixes her gun and she and the others enter the bridge. Dune fixes her gun and she and the others Djarin reaches for Grogu. Djarin attacks Grogu, and the two duel in the corridor. Dune says he has gotten all he wants from Grogu, to study his blood which has the potential to bring order back to the galaxy the Darksaber can only be taken by defeating the wielder in battle. the Darksaber's power lies not in the weapon itself, but the story around it. the Darksaber can only be taken by defeating the wiel the bridge is een, the dark troopers begin to pound through the blast doors. The Jedi Another alarm sounds, and a lone X-wing fighter flies past the cruiser. The Jedi Another alarm sounds, and Gideon is able to see the monitor as a hooded figure walks through the ship, destroying the dark troopers with a green bladed lightsaber. The group then watches the monitor as a hooded figure dise Dune smacks him with the butt of her rifle, knocking him unconscious. Grogu reaches for the monitor, watching as the Jedi destroys the last of the dark troopers. Djarin tells them to open the blast doors, but if he is a Jedi, which Skywalker confirms. He then asks Grogu if he is a Jedi, which Skywalker confirms. Grogu hesitates and turns to Djarin, who says Grogu doesn't want to R2-D2 enters, and Grogu walks towards the droid. Luke Skywalker's astromech droid, R2-D2 enters, and Grogu walks towards the droid. Luke Skywalker nods and , killing two Gamorrean guards, firing at the other fleeing gangsters and freeing a Twi'lek slave girl. Fortuna laughs, saying he thought Boba was dead and he is pleased

