# **Season 1** 

### Episode 1:
Din Djarin. Galactic Basic Standard....., a human trawler and a Quarren trawler are manhandling a Mythrol man. . Speaking in Basic, the bearded trawler tells Djarin that he spilled his drink. Djarin ignores him and silently walks up to the counter. Speaking in Basic, the bearded traw the Quarren with a grappling line. The Quarren try to flee through the doors, but Djarin trips him with a grappling line. The Quarren shoots Djarin with his blaster, but the bolt hits the Djarin shows him a hologram which confirms that the Mythrol is a wanted fugitive. The Mythrol claims this is a misunderstanding and tries to bribe his way out of the mess. Icy Ground a mythrol quarry. The speeder leaves and the Kubaz summon a rundown landspeeder. Djarin and his Mythrol quarry travel with the human pilot on the landspeeder. Djarin and his Mythrol ravinaks, large predators which live under the ice. The pilot explains that it is clear right now but warns Djarin that the ravinak tend to cluster around the spaceport because they think that the entire planet is their stink pit to open the hatch as the ravinak approaches. The Mythrol begs Djarin to open the hatch as the ravinak approaches. Djarin pulls him to safety just in time. The ravinak throws itself against the starship' ." The Razor Crest tries to take off but the ravinak latches onto to its landing strut. Djarin climbs out the docking ramp to confront the ravinak. He stings the ravinak in the head, Djarin tells him that he can afford to hail a cruiser. The Mythrol asks Djarin if Mandalorians do not take off their helmet. Djarin continues to remain silent and does not interact with his prisoner. The Mythrol finds the vacc tube and says that it will take a while because he is molting. The Mythrol finds the vacc tube and says that it will take a while because he is molting. . Din Djarin lands at a spaceport in Nevarro. Din Djarin refuses to accept payment. Greef Karga offers to pay him in Imperial credits. Djarin refuses, noting that the Empire Greef arrives at the cantina and Greef tells Djarin that he has several bail jumps and a wanted smuggler. Greef warns that many bounty hunters don't mind if things get s Djarin accepts this offer and travels through the backstreets of the town. The Client Djarin accepts this offer and travels through the backstreets of the town. The Client Djarin accepts this offer and travels through the a door swings open abruptly and Djarin reaches for his blaster. A bespectacled man with glasses comes out. The client introduces Doctor Pershing, apologizing for his lack of decorum and saying that his enthusiasm out r their blasters first but one of the stormtroopers says that they outnumber him. Greef defiantly replies that he likes those odds. The client agrees but warns that "bounty hunting can be Dr. Pershing adds that proof of termination can be provided for a lower fee. tries to counter the client but the Client overrules him. he replies that he can only provide the last four digits of the chain code. a Mandalorian of his skill can make short work of it. Lair of the Tribe Djarin walks through the marketplace, passing a monkey-lizard being roasted over a spit while a despondent monkey-lizard d hall full of Mandalorians, including helmeted children. the armorer and presents her with the Calamari Flan and beskar bar. The armorer says that the beskar bar was melted down during the Great Purge of Manda Djarin a metal pauldron. Djarin says that he was once a Foundling and experiences a flashback of his parents being gunned down in the streets. Finally, the smith presents him with a metal paul the blurrg, who lets go of him, for a moment before chaging again. The blurrg is then hit by a tranquilizer dart. The blurrg is then hit by a tranquilizer dart. Djar . The Mandalorian is also hit by a tranquilizer dart and drops before doing any harm. The Mandalorian is also hit by a tranquilizer dart and drops before doing any harm. Kuiill recognizes the Mandalorian as Kuiill's "cut" is, saying that he wants half of the blurrgs that he captured. Kuiill says that he will need one because he claims the way is impossible without a blurrg mount. Kuiil Kuiil explains that he is a Mandalorian whose ancestors rode the great mythosaurs. Kuiil explains that the male is in heat during mating and he watches as Djarin tries Kuiil tells Djarin that the encampment lies ahead. Kuiil tells Djarin that he will be doing him a service by ridding the areas of mercenaries and crooks. Kuiil he believes that there will be peace. ys, he believes that there will be peace. Skirmish at the Encampment Continuing the journey, Djarin approaches the encampment with a telescope and spots several armed figures IG-11. Djarin and IG-11 fight. IG-11 shoots IG-11 but IG-11 shoots him down. the asset inside the building. They shoot down more Nikto mercenaries and hostiles. IG-11, again, wants to self-destruct, but Djarin convinces the droid that they should shoot their way out. IG-11 the Nikto gunner and uses the cannon to take out the remaining hostiles on the roof, eliminating the opposition. The Asset Despite his antipathy towards droids, Djarin respects IG-11's fighting skills and expresses . Djarin shoots the last remaining sentry. IG-11 shoots the last remaining sentry. Djarin shoots the last remaining sentry. IG-11 shoots the last remaining sentry. Djarin shoots the last remaining sentry. IG-11 he received specific instructions to terminate the asset. he received specific instructions to terminate the asset. IG-11 shoots and destroys the droid before taking the infant back alive.

### Episode 2:
a blaster in his hilt. The Mandalorian fights back with his trident and subdues them. One of the assailants tries to kill the Child and the Mandalorian shoots him down s a tracking fob on the ground. The Mandalorian tries to sear a wound on his left arm but the Mandalorian rebuffs his offer. The Mandalorian tries to repair a machine. one of the Jawas with his blaster. The Mandalorian fires a few more rounds. One of the Jawas fires back and the Mandalorian takes him down. The Mandalorian fires a few more rounds. The Mandalorian manages to avoid death and clings onto the hull of the sandcrawler. Jawas hurl debris and objects at him. The Mandalorian manages to avoid death and clings onto the Mandalorian. The Mandalorian and Child return to the Razor Crest. The Mandalorian and Child return to Arvala-7. A dependable ally The Mandalorian and Child return to the Razor Crest Kuiil and the Mandalorian Kuiil is surprised to see the Child alive. Kuiil is surprised to see the Child alive. The Mandalorian tells Kuiil that his ship has been destroyed and that he is strande the Jawas are protected by the "crawling fortress" and he has no way to recover the parts. The Mandalorian says this makes no difference to him and that the Jawas are protected by the "crawling fortress" and the Mandalorian and the Child to the Jawa clan the following morning. Kuiil speaks their language, but takes affront to the Mandalorian's presence. Kuiil tells the Mandalorian that he needs to drop his the Mandalorian to leave his blaster behind. The Mandalorian refuses and trades barbs with the Jawas in their language. The Mandalorian loses his temper and tries to intimidate the Jawas with a the Mandalorian's beskar armor the Mandalorian refuses to trade his beskar armor. The Jawas chant for the "Egg" in their language. Quest for the Egg The Jawas chant for the ian, Kuiil and the Child to ride with them inside the sandcrawler. The Mandalorian and Child dismount and walk through the rocky formations towards a cave. The Mandalorian ventures inside the cave. the Mandalorian. The Mandalorian reloads his blaster. the Mandalorian stands his ground and rushes to reload his blaster. The Mandalorian stands his ground and rushes to reload . The Mandalorian. The Mandalorian osses him aside and attacks him with its horn and hooves, throwing him to the ground. The Child helps the Mandalorian by using the Force to suspend the creature in mid- the mudhorn's egg. Kuiil lorian returns to the mudhorn's cave and retrieves an egg from the mud and straw. He realizes that the egg belongs to the mudhorn which he slew. Ku the Jawa chieftain slices the top off the egg yolk with his knife. The Jawa chieftain slices the top off the egg yolk while the Jawa chieftain looks away. The Jawas feast on the egg yolk while the Mandalor Kuiil says he still doesn't understand what happened during the Mandalorian's fight with the mudhorn. Kuiil says he still doesn't understand what happened during the Mandalorian's fight with the mudhorn. the Mandalorian Kuiil says that he cannot accept it because he is in the Mandalorian's service. Later, the Mandalorian tells Kuiil that he cannot thank him enough and offers to share part of the ian for bringing peace to his valley before mounting his blurrg. Kuiil in return thanks the Mandalorian for bringing peace to his valley before mounting his blurrg. Before leaving, he wishes a blessing on the Child. It says The Child is asleep in its cradle and cries. The Child begins to stir in its cradle and cries.

### Episode 3:
Grogu in his cradle. The Mandalorian is contacted via Holographic projector by Greef Karga who has received his transmission. He orders the Mandalorian to deliver his quarry directly to the Client. The Mandalor the Mandalorian takes it away. the Mandalorian takes the Child back to the Imperial Remnant safe house. The Mandalorian takes the Child back to the Imperial Remnant safe house. The Mandalorian takes the Child the Mandalorian tells him to take it easy. The Mandalorian tells the Child to take it easy. The Mandalorian tells the Child to take it easy. The Mandalorian tells the Child to take it easy. The Mandalorian cries as Pershing remarks that the Child is very healthy. the Child cries as Pershing remarks that the Child is very healthy. the Child cries as Pershing remarks that the Child is very healthy. the Mandalorian to another room. the Mandalorian to another room. The Mandalorian asks the Client what are his plans for the Child. The Mandalorian says that the beskar is enough to make a handsome replacement The Mandalorian walks through the marketplace and returns to the underground lair of the Tribe with his reward. He returns to the underground lair of the Tribe with his reward. The Mandalorian walks through the marketplace and returns to the underground la the armorer says she can forge a full pair, which would be in order for his station. Paz Vizsla examines one of the beskar bars and concludes it was forged in an Imperial smelter. Paz Vi s that their secrecy is their strength, and that their strength is their strength. s that their secrecy is their strength. Vizsla says that their world was shattered by the Empire with whom this "coward" they are both "hunter and prey." The armorer then asks the Mandalorian if he has ever removed his helmet, and if it has been removed by others, and he says no. The female armorer then asks the Manda the Mandalorian declines to craft the new armor. The armorer replies that he has earned the mudhorn as his signet, and that she will craft the new armor. Since the Mandalorian has forgone a signet for the foundlings." The armorer agrees and says as it should always be. She adds that the foundlings are the future. The armorer agrees and says as it should always be. She places the beskar bars inside the smel The Mandalorian is transported back in time to his hometown as a child....... The Mandalorian.. the bounty hunter leaves. The Mandalorian leaves the cant . The Mandalorian looks at Karga and smiles. The Mandalorian looks at Karga. The Mandalorian looks at Karga and smiles. The Mandalorian looks at Karga. The Mandalorian ian's success because it is his success as well. The Mandalorian boasts that he is rich and asks how he can show his gratitude to his most valuable partner. The Mandalorian insists on his next job. Kar the Mandalorian chooses a faraway job, which turns out to be an unidentified Mon Calamari nobleman's son who skipped bail. Karga remarks that the Mandalorian is headed to the ocean dunes of Kar the Mandalorian to report the matter to the New Republic. However, the Mandalorian shrugs it off, saying that is a "joke." Karga tells the Mandalorian to enjoy his rewards, and buy a cam es the ship for takeoff. However, he sees the ball that the Child was playing with and screws it back to the lever. This causes him to reconsider his decision to hand the Child to the Imperial remnant and switch off the ship's engines. The Pershing tells him to hurry up, for he can no longer guarantee his safety. Pershing protests that he was ordered to bring the asset back alive. Pershing protests that he was ordered to bring the asset back alive. Pershing protests that The Mandalorian shoots two stormtroopers from behind. The Mandalorian shoots them from behind. Another stormtrooper finds his fallen comrades. Dr Pershing. Pershing pleads for his life. Dr Pershing pleads for his life. Dr Pershing pleads for his life. The Mandalorian shoots a Child. The Child is being scanned in a machine ing pleads for his life, only to find that the Mandalorian has left the laboratory with the Child. ing pleads for his life, only to find that the Mandalorian has left the laboratory with the Child. ing plead The Mandalorian shoots him down and then unleashes his flamethrower on a second stormtrooper, scorching him. The Mandalorian shoots him down and then unleashes his flamethrower on a second stormt the Mandalorian to kneel, but he unleashes whistling birds which take out all of the stormtroopers. He walks out of the Imperial remnant compound. Enemy of the Guild Later at the cantina, several tracking ack to his ship. The Mandalorian says the Child is coming with him. Karga says that if he truly cares about the Child, he would put in on the speeder, and will discuss terms. The Mandalorian says a speeder. The Mandalorian takes down several bounty hunters, including a Rodian. The Mandalorian uses his trident to incinerate two hunters, including a Rodian. the Guild takes the Child, and if he tries to stop them, they strip his body for parts. The Mandalorian refuses, and drive back the bounty hunters for a while with his flamethrower but it soon runs out. Redemption and the Mandalorian, and Paz Vizsla. ely, and ely, and several fellow Mandalorians come to his aid. ely, and several fellow members of the Tribe, donning jetpacks, Karga with his blaster. Karga survives the blaster wound, since a beskar bar caught the blaster bolt. The Mandalorian flies his ship into the skies of Nevarro. Paz Vizsla seated beside his lap. d is seated beside his lap. d is seated beside his lap.

### Episode 4:
Exposition The episode opens on the planet Sorgan with several krill swimming in a body of water. They are harvested by several human villagers with baskets. They are harvested by several human villagers with baskets. They are harvested by several human villagers with The raiders march away, Winta hugs her daughter as she surveys the carnage left behind. The Mandalorian travels through space aboard the Razor Crest. The Mandalorian travels through space aboard the Razor Crest. they will lay low for the next two months like womp rats. Omera reassures the Child that nobody will find them here. The Mandalorian brings the Razor Crest down into Sorgan's atmosphere, flying over the village. Omera he will not touch anything. He tells him not to touch anything. He tells him not to touch anything. He tells him not to touch anything. He tells him not to touch anything. The Mandalorian descends down the gangplank sits the child on a chair. The proprietor asks if he wants some but the Mandalorian says only the little one needs it. The Mandalorian orders a bone broth for the little one. The proprietor asks if he she's not a log runner. She is reluctant to say until the Mandalorian pays her some credits. The proprietor then tells the Mandalorian that the woman in green has left. The Mandalorian pays the proprietor to keep an eye the Mandalorian uses his flamethrower but she steps on his arm. the Mandalorian uses his flamethrower but she steps on his arm. The Mandalorian uses his flamethrower but she steps on his arm. The Mandalori The New Republic wanted it quiet so they sent in dropships with no support. Then when the ex-Imperials were gone, the politics started. She says that her work became protecting delegates and suppressing riots, not what she had signed up The Mandalorian tells the Child that it looks like this planet has been taken. The Mandalorian tells the Child that she was here first. The Mandalorian tells the Child that it looks like this planet has been taken. A plea for their village against raiders. They explain that their krill harvest was stolen by raiders. They explain that their krill harvest was stolen by raiders. They explain that their krill harvest was stolen by raiders. The Mandalorian is unmov Cara accepts their petition for help. He also convinces them to give him their credits. He accepts their petition for help. He also convinces them to give him their credits. Cara replies that she is interested in a "round two". The Mandalor the Mandalorian says that he can't imagine anything living in these trees that a shock trooper could not handle. He says that he can't imagine anything living in these trees that a shock trooper could not handle. The Mandalori xes xes. xes. The Mandalorian is settling the Child in a cradle. Omera and Winta Omera and Winta. the Mandalorian Omera feeds the Child. Omera asks the Mandalorian if she can feed him. Omera gives him permission to play with the Child. Omera tells the Mandalorian that she has brought him some food since he hasn' since he was a kid. Omera doesn't want to talk to anyone since he was a kid. e to anyone since he was a kid. The Mandalorian replies that he was grateful that his parents were killed. The Mandalorian and Cara then return to the village. The Mandalorian and Cara then return to the village. The Mandalorian and Cara then return to the village. The Mandalorian and Cara then return to the village. s by saying that it was "before they knew about the Imperial walker." Cara then says that Sorgan is a big planet and suggests moving somewhere else. The Mandalorian points out that the farmers are not fighters, but the farmers beg for the Mandalorian tells the villagers to protect them when they come out of the wood. Training the villagers Addressing the villagers, the Mandalorian says that they have got two problems: the bandits and the mech. The Mandalori a veteran and a drop soldier for the Rebellion. He explains that he is going to lay out a plan and tells them to listen carefully. Cara explains that they will build a trap for the AT-ST since nothing on this planet the Mandalorian teaches the villagers how to shoot with pots and pans as target practice. Meanwhile Cara trains the villagers to fight with sticks. Baiting the raiders Later that night, the Mandalorian chats with Omera, telling the Mandalorian plants a grav charge. Cara shoves one of them into a blue tank. More enter with blasters. The Mandalorian plants a grav charge. More enter with blasters. More enter with blasters. The Mandalorian and Cara flee through the woods as the Imperial walker rains down laser fire upon them, burning several shrubs. The Mandalorian and Cara soon return and tell the villagers that once that thing goes in the pond the Mandalorian's Amban Rifle. The Mandalorian and Cara realize that they can't get the AT-ST walker to step forward. The Mandalorian and Cara realize that they can't get the AT- the Mandalorian to fire blaster bolts through its viewports. The Mandalorian fires blaster bolts through its viewports. The Mandalorian fires blaster bolts through its viewports. The Mandalorian the Mandalorian asks Cara if this was the plan and she says "something like that." Omera smiles while the villagers cheer. Several weeks later, peace has returned to the village. The Child swallows a Sorgan frog . Cara agrees. Cara asks if the Mandalorians would kill him for taking off his helmet in public. The Mandalorian agrees. Cara suggests that the Mandalorian take off his helmet, marry the beautiful young widow and raise Cara. Cara says that she wouldn't want to be the one to tell him. The Mandalorian suggests leaving the Child here because traveling rough is no life for a kid. He believes he did his job and given the Child a better chance Omera asks if he is happy and that the Child is clearly happy here. Omera says that the community is very nice and that the Child is clearly happy here. Omera asks if he is happy here and adds that they want the Manda the Mandalorian's helmet. The Mandalorian pulls down her hands and says that the Child doesn't belong here but adds that he does. Omera says she understands and promises to look after the Child as if he were the Mandalorian is tracking the Child. Cara and the Mandalorian come and check his tracking fob. Cara and the Mandalorian realize that they know the Child is here and will keep coming. Farewell The Mandalorian Winta hugs the Mandalorian before hugging him. Winta hugs the Mandalorian before hugging him.

### Episode 5:
A brief dogfight The episode opens with the Razor Crest being pursued by a starfighter piloted by a rival bounty hunter. The rival bounty hunter warns that he can either bring him in warm or cold. The Mandalori The Mandalorian switches off power. The Razor Crest floats in space with a damaged engine. The Mandalorian switches off power. The Child sits in his cradle while the Mandalorian starts up the emergency power. Mandalorian the sleeping Child in a safe room. Mandalorian fires a warning shot, causing the pit droids to retract. The Mandalorian fires a warning shot, causing the pit droids ks it is a good idea. Peli asks him how he landed the ship. She says that the ship is in a mess and also finds a fuel leak. Peli says that the credits should just cover the hangar. Peli Peli is annoyed by his presence and regards him as a womp rat. Peli's blaster is lowered and a passenger is the Child. Peli is annoyed by the Child's presence and regards him as a womp Peli asks the Child if he left him alone in that "big, nasty ship." She asks the Child if he would like some food and gets the pit droids to fetch him something to eat. Peli tells the Child she teases him as "bright eyes." The Mandalorian's job offer Meanwhile, the Mandalorian enters Chalmun's Spaceport Cantina. The Mandalorian tells the bartendress droid that she is afraid that won't improve his prospects by any calculation. The droid responds that she is afraid that won't improve his prospects by any calculation. The droid responds that she is afraid that won't improve his prospects by any calculation. Calican tells her that he picked up this bounty before he left the Mid Rim. Calican tells her that he picked up this bounty before he left the Mid Rim. The bounty is Fennec Shand, an as Calican tells him that Fennec Shand is an elite mercenary and made her name killing for the top crime syndicates including the Hutts. Calican tells him that she is an elite mercenary Calican tells him to meet him at bay three-five in half an hour and to bring two speeder bikes and to give him the tracking fob. Calican cockily remarks that the Mandalorian is now stuck with him. Cali . Peli scolds the Mandalorian for leaving the Child alone. The Mandalorian scolds Peli for leaving the Child alone. The Mandalorian scolds Peli for leaving the Child alone. Pel to get it to work. Peli bangs on the controls to get it to work. Calican tries to get it to work. Peli bangs on the controls to get it to work. The Mandalorian thanks Peli. Peli Calican says "This ain't Corellia." He also eyes Peli and the Child. Calican says "What do you expect? This ain't Corellia." Calican dismounts and takes out his Calican talks to them by sign language. Calican says he has heard the locals talking about them a lot. Calican tells the Mandalorian that they are the locals and that everyone else is trespassing. the Tuskens as a trade. Calican protests they are brand new but the Mandalorian counters that they were brand new. Calican protests they are brand new but the Mandalorian counters that they were brand new. an unconscious figure. Calican asks if the rod belongs to their target, and the Mandalorian says that he doesn't know and will go. Calican orders Calican to cover him and to stay down. The Mandalorian Calican to get down Calican to get down. Calican says he is all right because his beskar armor deflected the blast. Calican says he doesn't have beskar and asks what they should a ridge. Calican Calican watches. The Mandalorian watches and briefly lowers her visor. Calican watches. The Mandalorian watches and briefly lowers her visor. The Mandalorian watches. Cal Shand if he is done. Calican asks Shand if he is done. Shand aims her blaster and the Mandalorian fires a flash shot, temporarily blinding Shand and forcinating Calican Calican to take off her helmet. She shoots at them but misses. Calican fires a flash charger shot, blinding Shand. Shand fires a second shot. He fires a third. Shand fires . e sand. Shand raises her hand while the Mandalorian arrives and forces her to surrender. Shand raises her hand while the bruised Calican tends his wounds. Shand says she hears that things Calican's ambition Calican's ambition Calican's ambition Calican's ambition Calican's ambition Calican's ambition Calican's ambition Calican's ambition Calican's ambition Cali Calican Shand Shand says that it has been a while and that the suns are up. Shand says that she is not good to them dead. Shand says that she is still making her rounds in Mos Espa. Shand says that Shand asks him about the Mandalorian keeping all the money for himself. He says that only because he let him. Shand then asks him about the Mandalorian keeping all the money for himself. He says that only because he let him Calican replies that he doesn't care for the money. She explains that the Mandalorian shot up the Guild on Nevarro and went rogue. Shand asks him to consider what it will do for his reputation. Shand. Shand asks if he is the one. Shand looks at Shand. Shand raises her restraints. He shoots Shand in the abdomen.ailor, Shand shoots her in the abdomen when Shand kneels, Calican says that is some good advice and says that if he took those binders off her, he would be a dead man. When Shand kneels, Calican says that is some good advice Calican's speeder bike is parked outside. Calican's speeder bike is parked outside. Calican's speeder bike is parked outside. Calican's speeder bike is parked outside. The Mandalori Calican screams at Peli. Peli whispers that the Mandalorian is smarter than he looks. Calican says that Peli was right in that bringing the Mandalorian in would make him legendary. Calican Peli falls to the ground. A new ally and farewell The Mandalorian tells Peli to stay back but she asks where the Child is. She lifts the Child and comforts him, telling him that the shot was really loud for his The Child and the Mandalorian return to space. The Child and the Mandalorian return to space. Meanwhile, the Child and the Child return to space.

### Episode 6:
The Mandalorian surprised that he reached out to him. The Mandalorian is greeted by a bearded man named Ranzar Malk who didn't expect to see him and is surprised that he reached out to him. Ran the Mandalorian's ship. The Mandalorian agrees but Ran says that he needs the Mandalorian's ship. The Mandalorian disagrees but Ran says that he needs the Mandalorian's ship. The it was a long time ago. Ran tells the Mandalorian that Mayfeld is in charge of the mission. He claims that Mayfeld was a stormtrooper, but Mayfeld denies he was one. Ran introduces the Manda the Mandalorian. Ran tells the lovebirds to break it up before leaving with the others.......... They have a limited window to infiltrate the ship and recover the Mandalorian is reluctant to get into trouble with the New Republic. Xi'an tells the Mandalorian that the ship is crewed by droids. Zero reports that the ship is a mess despite recent qualifications the hyperdrive is operating at 67.3% efficiency. He asks why they are not using newer ships. Ran replies that the Razor Crest is off Imperial and New Republic grids, making it a ghost. Mayfeld adds that they need a ship he is faster and smarter than organics. When Ran reassures the Mandalorian is the best, Ran replies he doesn't trust anybody. When the Mandalorian asks how he can trust the droid, Ran replies Burg manages to open the Mandalorian's gun cabinet. Burg confronts Burg for opening his gun cabinet, but Mayfeld calms them down, promising he will never see them again once the job is done. Xi'an asks the Manda the Mandalorian is uncomfortable, and says that he did what he had to do. Xi'an replies that he "liked it." Burg tries to force his helmet off, but the Mandalorian fights back and the two The Mandalorian claims it is a pet. Xi'an is surprised and asks if the Bounty Hunter Code has made him soft. Xi'an is surprised and asks if the Bounty Hunter Code has Xi'an in his cot. Zero Xi'an and Burg Xi'an Xi'an in his cot. Xi'an grumbles that Zero did not give them a countdown. d disable the ship's surveillance system. Zero joins Mayfeld's boarding team. Zero joins Mayfeld's boarding team. Mayfeld tells them to avoid any contact with security droids. Zero tells them to turn left at the Mandalorian ambushes the security droids from behind and topples one by slicing its foot. He shoots at another. The Mandalorian ambushes the security droids from behind and topples one by a fourth droid.. Mayfeld and his associates cheer and shout in alien languages. Mayfeld does not thank the Mandalorian and tells him to "clean his mess." Zero helps them by redirecting the security alert away from their New Republic entanglements a blue uniformed New Republic soldier who points his blaster at them and demands that they put down theirs. New Republic entanglements Xi'an is upset that Mayfeld concealed thief. Mayfeld s information from her. Mayfeld s information from her. s information from her. s information from her. s information from her. s information from her. s information from her... lize that the dying OCAS activated the tracking beacon prior to her OCAS. OCAS warns that they have twenty minutes before the New Republic arrives. Xi'an replies they only need five minutes. The double-cross They eventually manage to reach the . Zero unlocks the Mandalorian's cell, after warning them they have fifteen minutes remaining. Inside the cell, Zero finds the imprisoned Mandalorian, Xi'an. Burg throws the Mandalorian s with Greef Karga. He tells Mayfeld and his team that they have ten minutes remaining. s with Greef Karga. He tells Mayfeld and his team that they have ten minutes remaining. The Mandalor have killed the Mandalorian. The Mandalorian locks them behind blast doors, separating them from Burg and Xi'an. Zero tells Mayfeld and his team that the comms are not working, and that they are on their own Xi'an tells Mayfeld to leave his sister behind. Qin demands that Mayfeld get him off the ship. Mayfeld asks, "What about her?" Qin demands that Mayfeld get him off the ship. Xi'an and Burg Zero searches for the Child in the Razor Crest's cargo bay. Zero searches for the Child in the cargo bay. The Child hides among the stored goods. Meanwhile, Burg enters the control room but is ambushed by the Mandalorian who chokes The Mandalorian hurls a knife at the blast door controls, causing the vertically closing blast door to crash down on him. The Mandalorian unleashes a second set of horizontally closing blast doors, which incapacitate Mayfeld Mayfeld. The Mandalorian ambushes Mayfeld from behind. Zero hears a door opening from behind. "Rescuing" Qin Qin reaches the ladder leading back to the Razor Crest, but the Mandalorian Zero Zero. The Mandalorian appears and shoots the Child from behind. Zero turns around and shoots the Mandalorian from behind. Zero shoots the Mandalorian from behind. The Mandalorian shoots the Child from behind. Zero The Razor Crest The Razor Crest then departs the space station. Triplecrossed The Razor Crest then departs the space station. Triplecrossed The Razor Crest then departs the space station. Triplecrossed The Mandalorian leaves the Razor Crest. Trapper Wolf, Jib Dodger, and Sash Ketter destroy the space station. The Mandalorian takes the Razor Crest into hyperspace. The Mandalorian gives the Child a ball from one says he told him it was a bad idea h and says he told him it was a bad idea. h and says he told him it was a bad idea.

### Episode 7:
the Mandalorian receives a hologram message from Greef Karga. he tells the Mandalorian that the Client has imposed "despotic" rule over his city. the Guild considers the Client a mutual Greef will clear his name with the Guild. Greef will clear his name with the Guild. Greef will clear his name with the Guild. Greef will clear his name with the Guild. ts to keep the Child and Greef will the Mandalorian and the Child pay her. The Mandalorian tells Cara that they are fighting against an ex- Imperial warlord. Cara says she was advised to lay low since there is a bounty on her head. The Mandalori the Mandalorian. When the Mandalorian says Greef doesn't, Cara says that it is the contact's problem. When the Mandalorian says Greef doesn't, Cara says that it is the contact's the Mandalorian and Cara regain control of the Razor Crest. The Mandalorian and Cara regain control of the Razor Crest. The Mandalorian and Cara regain control of the Razor Crest. The Manda the Mandalorian introduces Cara and explains that she served as a rebel shock trooper. Kuiil introduces Cara and the Mandalorian introduces Cara and the Mandalorian raise their blasters but Kuiil tell with the Charter of the New Republic.nce with the Charter of the New Republic..nce with the Charter of the New Republic............ indentured service. Kuiil offers tea. The Mandalorian wants to hire him to look after the Child. Kuiil offers to reprogram IG-11 to serve as a nanny but the Mandalorian doesn't want that he is doing it to protect the Child from Imperial slavery. Kuiil won't accept money but vows to make sure that the "old ways" are gone forever. Voyage to Nevarro The blurrgs are penned aboard the Mandalorian is in danger. ng the Mandalorian is in danger, the Child Force chokes her until the Mandalorian tells him that Cara is their friend. Kuiil says he bought his freedom with the skills of the Mandalorian asks for Kuiil's help in padding the Child's pram. Kuiil says this is a way to prove how he freed himself from servitude through his craftsmanship. Cara says that the Mandalori he took out an Imperial safe house. He thinks there are more ex-Imperial forces there. The Mandalorian distrusts IG-11 and refuses to allow him to look after the Child. Reunion with Greef IG-11 and IG-11 ride blurrgs on the ship. n, Kuiil, and Cara ride blurrgs while IG-11 stays behind on the ship. n, Kuiil, and Cara ride blurrg Greef and the Mandalorian go over the plan which involves entering the common house, show the Child the bait, and then kill him at the table. Greef says that the Mandalorian is skeptical. Greef says that the Mandalor the Mandalorian seals the Child in his pram. He and his companions fire at the winged creatures. The blurrg is shot dead. The Mandalorian manages to drive the creatures away with his flamethrower. The blurrg the Mandalorian and the other bounty hunters are amazed by the Child's powers. A new plan The following day, the group continue their journey. Greef's two remaining hunters attempt to ambush and kill the Mandalorian and Cara. the Mandalorian and Cara the Mandalorian and Cara to spare his life. He tells them the Client is obsessed about the Child. Cara doesn't believe him but Kuiil convinces her and the Mandalorian to hear Kuiil and the Child. The Mandalorian and Cara come up with a plan to bring the Child's pram as a decoy pram as a decoy but to send Kuiil and the Child back to the Raz the Mandalorian and the pram to the town. The Mandalorian and the child ride back to the ship with the restrained Mandalorian on the remaining blurrg while Greef and Cara bring the restrained Mandalorian and s. Cara the Mandalorian and the Child. The Mandalorian and the Child. a Mandalorian and the Child. The Mandalorian and the Child.. the Empire. the Empire. The Client a blaster while the Mandalorian gets Greef to unbind his restraints and pass him a blaster. The Mandalorian tells Greef that he has received an urgent call. The Mandalorian The Mandalorian and his stormtroopers take cover behind a table.. Mandalorian, Cara, and Greef take cover behind a table.... ng... Kuiil to flee. Kuiil tells Kuiil to flee. Kuiil tells Kuiil to flee. Kuiil tells Kuiil to flee. Kuiil tells Kuiil to flee. Ku The Mandalorian contacts Kuiil, but he does not respond. The Mandalorian contacts Kuiil, but he does not respond.

### Episode 8:
IG-11 scout troopers and IG-11 The scout troopers and IG-11 The scout troopers and IG-11 The scout troopers and IG-11 The scout troopers and Child. The asks if Gideon killed his own troopers. The second trooper is curious about their asset but the first trooper is only concerned with following orders. The troopers bide their time by shooting a nearby transmitter for target practice. The hey should offer the "thing" some water as a pretext for looking at it. hey should offer the "thing" some water as pretext for looking at it. hey should offer the "thing" some water as pretext for looking at it. . IG-11 appears, identifying himself as the Child's nurse droid and requests that they hand him over. The second trooper recognizes IG-11 as a hunter droid but the first trooper underestimates him as a nurse .. Cara Dune, and Greef Karga are trapped by Moff Gideon and his stormtroopers. The Mandalorian convinces his companions that they should flee to the sewers the Mandalorian and Cara find the sewer vent underneath a seat. Cara tries to use her blaster to break the sewer vent. The Mandalorian and Cara find the sewer vent underneath a seat. Cara tries to use her .. e E-web blasters. e E-web blasters. e E-web blasters. e E-web blasters. e E-web blasters. e E-web blasters. e E-web Moff Gideon gives them until nightfall to consider his offer. Greef doesn't trust Moff Gideon to keep his promises. He gives them until nightfall to consider his offer. Cara is surprised that Moff Gideon is still alive Cara explains that Mandalorians are not a race with Din clarifying that it is a creed. When Greef asks isn't he a Mandalorian, Cara explains that Mandalorians are Din explains that he was a foundling who was raised and adopted as a Mandalorian. When he came of age, he was sworn to their creed. Din explains that Moff Gideon was an Imperial Security Djarin contacts Kuiil on his comlink only to be greeted by IG-11, who has the Child. IG-11 rides his speeder bike into the Nevarro settlement, gunning down stormtroopers and scou . ocal Jawa. IG-11 fights his way through Gideon's troops outside the cantina. Cara comes to his aid by gunning down more stormtroopers with her repeater blaster cannon Moff Gideon shoots a box of ammunition, which explodes and wounds Din Djarin. Cara manages to evacuate the wounded Mandalorian while Greef, IG-11 and the Child retreat inside the cantina. to remove his helmet. He rebuffs her attempts to remove his helmet and rebuffs her attempts to remove his helmet. He tells her to protect the Child and to show his tribe his mythosaur necklace and explain that the Child is Karga falls asleep inside the grate. Cara and the Child escape inside the grate. IG-11 reprogrammes IG-11 to kill Din. The Mandalorian asks IG-11 to kill him but the reprogramm IG-11 and the Mandalorian soon rejoin Cara, Karga, and the Child in the underground tunnels. IG-11 removes Din's helmet and applies a bacta spray to treat his brain injuries. IG-11 and the the Mandalorian armorer vouches for Greef and tells them that the Imperials arrived following Djarin's escape with the Child and slaughtered those that remained. The Mandalorian armorer vouches for Gre ed what remains. ed what remains. ed what remains. ed what remains. ed what remains. ed what remains. ed what remains. ed what remains. the Armorer tells Cara and her group to take a tunnel which leads them to the lava river, which leads to the surface. the armorer tells Cara and her group to take a tunnel which leads to the lava river, which . She tells Djarin that he is now a clan. She gives him a jetpack. She tells him to train with it. Djarin vows to wear it with honor. Djarin IG-11's sacrifice IG-11's sacrifice IG-11's sacrifice IG-11's sacrifice IG-11's sacrifice IG-11's sacrifice IG-11's sacrifice IG-11's sacrifice IG-11' a ferry droid. IG-11 tells the ferry droid to take them downriver towards the lava flats. Greef tells the droid to take them downriver towards the lava flats. IG-11. Cara tells the droid to stop the boat. She ignores her, and she shoots off its head. Unable to stop the boat, IG-11 proposes that he would eliminate the enemy while they escape. Djarin er the Child to default to his secondary command, which would allow the Mandalorian and the others to live and him to serve his purpose. IG-11 points out that his manufacturer's protocol says that he cannot allow himself to be captured before blowing Djarin and the others reach the plains safely. Djarin and the others reach the plains safely. Dogfight with Greef Moff Gideon Gideon circles them in his Outland TIE fighter and strafes them Farewell Djarin crashes the ship. Farewell Djarin returns to his comrades. Greef Karga is impressed with the Mandalorian's combat prowess and says that his bounty rates have just gone up. . Cara's "lainy" washed away. Greef wants to recruit Cara into his Guild but she has clerical concerns. Greef wants to recruit Cara into his Guild but she has clerical concerns. Gre The Mandalorian returns with the Child to his ship Razor Crest. He buries Kuiil. In the cockpit, the Mandalorian allows the Child to keep his mythosaur necklace. The Mandalorian returns with the Child to er and authority. er and authority. authority. er and authority.

